I simply would turn my back on well
pardon me I'll be back yeah
here's the Queenie you don't look too
happy
oh wow I can tell you one thing Reggie
you don't look too happy out here today
you come out ha are you just mellow no
well no I just always hate to see
somebody in misery you're not happy huh
no I'm not happy no why how I was wrong
you lost the belt now hey honey long
nothing whoa what do you mean I take it
easy you don't have the belt anymore
I've seen the king with it you don't
have it what good's a roll out of here
right now
get him out here right now I'll tell you
what up it's show folk you dumb hey hey
now wait a minute what are you doing
jumping on our show folk that I don't
have the book I think you need to think
again bub you're the one that lost a
belt if he was a man I'm not guilty
he's a better king than you are you
never were a king you couldn't be we
don't need to try to make a cure here I
say you are a new baby what's your side
of my face whoa whoa whoa Reggie I I can
remember when you won the title she was
instrumental I didn't see you firing it
let's take a look I just take a look at
this for you say anymore take a look at
what's happening right here now
everybody keep their eye on it
there's Queenie up there jerry lawler
wrestling and roma high 20 wet in the
eyes Lawler is down Reggie's on top 1 2
we had a new unified champion there it
is and I didn't see talking about firing
her
when you one beside
dr. Tate I don't know what Jarrell all
who have done the page of people that I
wanted how did he do that wait a minute
quit that kind of stuff now I want that
belt by myself and school I didn't need
no help from his low budget all right
I'll tell you why I've decided one thing
I need to go talk to the real king
people a real queen
just like me tell you what I want
everybody to do take a look right here
and see what happened in this last batch
after he won it this is how he ended up
losing
referee is down powder repeat free after
discover
heavyweight title holder Jerry the King
Lawler hey what's good for the goose
good for the gander
you just ended up she helped you and
then she hurt you why did you have to
show that tape I wanted everybody to see
exactly what happened in those I don't
need you no more you fire too low but
you came to a job you know what I'm
gonna get me on new queen I'm gonna have
me on new queen next time y'all see me
oh I'm gonna get rid of you you low
budget cause you ain't worth the time
you can't even wash my socks you low
budget you don't want to mess with me
Reggie because you weren't no king until
this Queen hit town baby
so you just trot on out that door
because this Queen is staying in that
Keene is history oh hey one thing Wow